# PRJ666 Weekly Progress Report

Date: October 6, 2024

Group Number: 1

## Group Member Names

- Peter Wan
- Mimi Dang
- Aryan Khurana
- Vinh Nhan
- Jeremy Lee
- Tomas Rochwerger

## Project Name

- `CourseMetrics`

## Work completed this week

- Completed the Admin Home Page.
- Completed the Contact Us page.
- Completed the About page and the display of the team member.
- Initialize the Course and Professor API.
- Initialize the `Create Admin UI: Course and Professor Management Page`.
- Initialize the `Create User UI: Course Summary Page`.
- Initialize the Diplay list of the searched category.
- Fixed some bugs in the Footer that had User protection where the user was not needed.
- Added Navbar Sign in / Sign out logic.

## Work to complete next week

- Complete the Create, Read, Update, and Delete function for Course and Professor.
- Start implementing the search category.
- Complete the display list of the searched category.
- Complete the `Create Admin UI: Course and Professor Management Page`.
- Initialize the `Create Admin UI: Review Approval Page`.
- Complete the `Create User UI: Course Summary Page`.
- Initialize the `Create User UI: Professor Summary Page`.
- Initialize the `Create User UI: Course Review Form`.

## What's not going well and why

- Some team members have encoutered delays in initiating their assigned tasks.

## Suggestions/Issues

- Continue weekly meetings.
- Additional communication and collaboration may be needed to ensure timely progress.

## Project changes

- No major project changes
