# PRJ666 Weekly Progress Report

Date: October 13, 2024

Group Number: 1

## Group Member Names

- Peter Wan
- Mimi Dang
- Aryan Khurana
- Vinh Nhan
- Jeremy Lee
- Tomas Rochwerger

## Project Name

- `CourseMetrics`

## Work completed this week

- Refactor the database.
- Worked on the Course and Professor API.
- Worked on the `Create Admin UI: Course and Professor Management Page`.
- Worked on the `Create User UI: Course Summary Page`.
- Worked on the implementation of the search category.
- Complete the About page, and Display of the Team member.

## Work to complete next week

- Complete the database refactor.
- Complete Course and Professor API.
- Worked on the Reviews API.
- Complete the implementatio of the search category.
- Complete the display list of the searched category.
- Complete the `Create Admin UI: Course and Professor Management Page`.
- Initialize the `Create Admin UI: Review Approval Page`.
- Complete the `Create User UI: Course Summary Page`.
- Initialize the `Create User UI: Professor Summary Page`.
- Initialize the `Create User UI: Course Review Form`.

## What's not going well and why

- Some team members have encoutered delays in initiating their assigned tasks.
- Refactoring the database to Postgres took longer than expected due to not being familiar that relational database.

## Suggestions/Issues

- Continue weekly meetings.
- Additional communication and collaboration may be needed to ensure timely progress.
- Researching on how to create database and called the API properly.
- Researching on the best way to refactor the code.
- Put comments/pseudocode and reference links to help other team member understand what is going on.

## Project changes

- No major project changes
