# PRJ666 Weekly Progress Report

Date: November 10, 2024

Group Number: 1

## Group Member Names

- Peter Wan
- Mimi Dang
- Aryan Khurana
- Vinh Nhan
- Jeremy Lee
- Tomas Rochwerger

## Project Name

- `CourseMetrics`

## Work completed this week

- Completed the Course and Professor API.
- Executed 40% of system testing.
- Connecting backend data to the frontend:
  - Admin Home Page.
  - Admin Manage page.
  - Admin CourseTable.
  - Admin ProfessorTable.
  - Admin ReviewTable.
  - Admin Add Professor/Course.
  - Admin Edit Professor/Course.
  - Admin Delete Professor/Course.
  - Admin View Professors/Courses/Reviews.
  - Admin Approved/Rejected Reviews.
  - User Search Course Reviews.
  - User Search Professor Reviews.
  - Initiated for the Course/Professor Summary Page
- Completed the `See more` modal for the Summary Course Page.
- Completed the UI for Bookmark page.
- Fixed Bugs:
  - Filter in Course Review Form now show proper course section and professor for that specific course review.
  - Sort review by asccending order.
  - UI now reflect the refetched reviews after submitting a new review.
  - Proper variables used from the frontend submitted review to the backend.
  - Background color on the homepage now covers the whole page.
  - In the admin pages, the fetched data in the front end now use the backend data and error messages.
- Completed the implementation of AI for both tags and Review Status.

## Work to complete next week

- Complete the Reviews API.
- Execute 60% of system testing.
- Continue connecting backend data to the frontend.
- Continue fixing bugs.

## What's not going well and why

## Suggestions/Issues

## Project changes

- No major project changes
